When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you are collaborating with others; or when you need access to the repository from another machine.  I'm looking forward to this as a way to work on these projects from my smartphone!

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Manual pulls avoid the loss of data from improperly synced files.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A branch is a change in code you are experimenting with or changing away from the previous code.  A clone is an exact duplicate of an existing repository.  A fork is similar to a branch, but exists generally as a project entirely separate from your own and run by someone else using your existing code base as a starting point.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

We can more easily merge branches and compare file differences.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Emailing files; sharing them on a SharePoint.  It might be somewhat easier without dealing with the git overhead involved - the staging, the commits, etc - but then we lose some of the pros those things provide, like ensuring we're focused on one issue at a time.  Git make it easier to collaorate by making it easier to see changes to the project than other sources or methods might.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

If those changes are based upon another change already made in the branhc, I would want to make them there, since master does not contain the predicate pieces.  Making changes in master means that I may later have issues performing the merge between the branches, but those may be changes that are more necessary than my branch, which is the main benefot of the branch.